Redis:Omit command arguments from span.resource by default (#3235)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

|----------------|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `service_name` | `DD_TRACE_REDIS_SERVICE_NAME` | Name of application running the `redis` instrumentation. May be overridden by `global_default_service_name`. [See *Additional Configuration* for more details](#additional-configuration) | `redis` |
| `peer_service` | `DD_TRACE_REDIS_PEER_SERVICE` | Name of external service the application connects to                                                                                                                                      | `nil`   |

> | `command_args` | `DD_REDIS_COMMAND_ARGS`       | Show the command arguments (e.g. `key` in `GET key`) as resource name and tag. If `false`, only the command name is shown (e.g. `GET`). | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `command_args` | `DD_REDIS_COMMAND_ARGS`       | Show the command arguments (for example, `key` in `GET key`) as resource name and tag. If `false`, only the command name is shown (for example, `GET`). | false |
```
